---
layout: project
title:  "Digital A/C Filler"
date:   2014-04-25 16:54:46
author: Tom Goddu
categories:
- consumer
img: DigitalACFiller-1.png
carousel:
- DigitalACFiller-1.png
tagged: Flat, UI, Development
client: Vehicle Parts Co.
website: https://blacktie.co
---
Digital Automotive A/C Filler- with LCD screen. Process again begins with concept sketches to get buy-in from Marketing and Management, proceeding to side-view 2-D CAD layouts and iterations, then additional sketches to discuss molding and assembly details. Next comes the 3D CAD virtual model, using Soldworks, where engineeering details are proposed and fitted, and where injection molding considerations and assembly considerations are proposed and massaged into a coherent design. Ergonomics are taken into account so the unit feels right and works properly; and the unit has to balance upright on the shelf and pack efficiently for shipping. Additional presentations were made to show the user interface design, reconciling the engineering considerations with the user communications so that the end-user could get the best results safely installing the coolant into their own cars.
We have anticipated the molding and assembly concerns in the early sketch phases, so the final product ends up looking pretty familiar.  From the CAD model we go into 3-D printed models, first to see if everything fits. Then I created presentation models with working components, which the client showed to their  sales force for their final inputs. Meanwhile the CAD model and preliminary 3D printed models are sent to 2 different factories to begin tooling and address any changes the manufacturer might need. Then, several more presentation models were refined and taken to industry trade shows, here and abroad. Label art, instruction sheet illustrations, point-of-purchase displays come quickly after that.
Sketches> 2D CAD > BOM & exploded sketches > refinement & prelim costing > 3D CAD > analysis & costing > 3D prints > appearance and functional models > gates > graphics & user experience > label art > packaging > instruction sheets > Point of purchase diplays
